docs: update installation instructions for docker desktop on linux (#250)
aica-technology/api: docs/docs/getting-started/03-installation-and-launch.md

the [post installation steps](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/linux-postinstall/) to create the `docker` group
and add your user.

> Also, note that Docker desktop for Linux is currently **not** supported as it uses a custom context which can not be 

Reviewer: nitpicks:
1. Feel like this could almost be it's separate warning
2. the "custom context" part is oddly specific, mabye we skip that and just state its not supported because it does not allow ....

Also after your investigations, even if someone has docker desktop, does just installing docker engine fix it or not?

Reviewer: Then maybe that is useful information on a high level too, i.e. if someone has desktop installed, it's possible to just install engine but we recommend removing desktop since to ensure full compatibility with launcher

Author: I rephrased a bit and added this to the information. Might be a little too long at the moment

:::

:::caution

Note that Docker desktop for Linux is currently **not** supported. In Linux, Docker desktop is configured such that 
it does not allow for the elevated permissions the AICA System requires (e.g., for peripheral devices, forwarding 

> graphics, etc). If you already have and need Docker desktop for other purposes, know that it is still possible to use 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that Docker Desktop for Linux is currently **not** supported. In Linux, Docker Desktop is configured such that 
it does not allow for the elevated permissions the AICA System requires (e.g., for peripheral devices, forwarding 
graphics, etc). If you already have and need Docker Desktop for other purposes, know that it is still possible to use 
```

Author: ah yes true, thanks

> Please note that Docker Desktop for Linux is currently **unsupported**, as its default configuration does not allow for 
> the elevated permissions required by the AICA System (e.g., for peripheral devices, graphics forwarding, ...). For full 
> compatibility, it is recommended to uninstall it. If you require Docker Desktop for other purposes, you may still use 
> the AICA System by following the provided instructions. However, additional steps may be needed when (manually) 
> interacting with AICA's Docker images and containers.

Reviewer 2: How about this?

```suggestion
For Ubuntu users, please note that Docker Desktop for Linux is currently **unsupported**, as its default configuration
does not allow for the elevated permissions required by the AICA System (e.g., for peripheral devices, graphics
forwarding, ...). This interferes with some of the functionality of AICA Launcher, including attaching terminal or RViz
sessions to the AICA System container. For full compatibility, it is recommended to uninstall Docker Desktop entirely
and only install Docker Engine as described above.
```

Author: @eeberhard  oh sorry, I missed this comment when making the last commit's changes. The last commit is not proof-read, I wanted to verify  where we place the text. Let me know if you would like to keep some of the latest commit parts, but I think I'll try to include some of the text you changed here
